Welcome to the podcast for Perdido Bay Methodist Church. My name is Dudley. Today's February the ninth, Monday.
Our reading is Matthew 12, verses 22 through 37.
And in this reading,
The Pharisees hear the crowd speaking of Jesus in messianic terms.
So they attempt to discredit his ministry.
They accuse him.
Of casting out demons
with the power
Of the devil
And in return Jesus accuses them of committing
An unpardonable sin.
He uses the illustration about a divided house to show that.
It's unlikely.
That someone is going to try to take themselves out of their own house, or someone is going to use negative power.
To bring positive
Results.
Their argument makes no sense.
Jesus states that if Satan,
Was facilitating exorcisms?
He would be counteracting his own attempts.
To control the world.
The religious leaders just would not believe.
that Jesus
Was good.
It seems they were blinded by their own jealousies or their own ambitions.
For all the good that Jesus had done, they felt that...
His motives were deceptive, so they began to align him.
With the side of the devil, the side of darkness, which is.
Ludicrous.
This reading concludes with an interesting statement from Jesus.
2 and 35, it says, the good person out of his good treasure brings forth good.
And the evil person out of his evil treasure.
Brings forth.
Evil.
I tell you.
On the day of judgment, people will give an account for every careless word they speak, for by your words.
You will be justified.
And by your words you will be condemned
By your words.
This means
Since words express the heart
Good words demonstrate a good heart.
And bad words.
Demonstrate a bad heart.
On the day of judgment, words will provide evidence for the nature and the position.
Of the heart
For this reason, it's important to allow God to continue to work in our hearts.
To continue to shape us and mold us and form us.
You see, the heart is like the CEO of ourselves.
It's the place where our inner life choices are made and we
Can be transformed by God.
All the way down into our hearts.
The heart is the place where our inner life choices are made.
And it needs to be transformed.
And we can be transformed by God.
Let me encourage you to continue to make yourself available through actions
That make transformation possible.
prayer, prayer.
Timing God's word.
Christian community and worship.
All of these are things that are life-changing, and through them, God will make sure that we are shaped into the person that we are.
Who he
wants us to be.
And it's kind of funny that when we become the person that God wants us to be, we are perfect.
Contempt.
We are happy we are blessed in our own lives because we are functioning
For the purposes that we were created.
And this will make all the difference.
God bless you as you continue your journey.
With Jesus.
Have a blessed day.